I think in today's society, sexual harassment is, unfortunately, a little
too common. Um, not that it happened less in the past, but now,
because of social media and because of people recording everything,
it's it's much more out there. But some of the things that could be
on the lookout or for things that may seem in some societies, okay,
But they're really not touching someone's bottom, saying Good game or
maybe even giving somebody a shoulder rub or being aggressive and
asking somebody out more than one occasion, even if they originally
said no. I think those sometimes in some societies, like it's OK, but
it really is effective effects the individual that it's happening
Thio and then undermines everybody else in the command.